So now I'm locked into the Amazon Web Services console and I'm only as free page.
Now if you don't have an account for Amazon Web services yet you can of course create one and they have
a free year.
Simply google for Emmis the web services free tier to find out what the exact limits are.
So what I show you here will be free of charge at the point of time a record this video and probably
also at that point of time you watch this video.
Now if you don't have a credit card or you don't want to create an account with Amazon Web Services
these steps can basically be replicated on our hosting providers too.
You will still need to deploy the same files in the same way.
Of course how you configure the server to serve in this age him a file in four or four arrows might
differ there.
So that is something you will then have to look up on your own.
But it is impossible to cover all possible hosting providers here and Amazonas free is a typical choice
for single page web apps.
I'll say that.
So I'm locked in in my account again can create one if you don't have it already and I'm only as free
console.
Now here we simply have to create a packet and then we should choose a bucket name.
Now here that maybe any name you like.
However it should be relatively unique because bucket names are shared across the whole Amazon S3 ecosystem.
So I will name this energy recipe book deployment and I'm pretty sure that this name should be available.
I'm going to use you as standard here but you can use a different region.
So with that created we can now enable this bucket.
You use a static website hosting here for that.
We have to an able web site hosting.
And now we have to define what should be the document which gets loaded whenever a user Wizards the
web page which you can see here at the top that will be our domain.
And you can assign your own domain in Amazon Web services too.
But that's not really about the deployment here.
So I'm not going to show that just show you how to deploy your app.
So of course it's going to be the index that HDMI for which we want to serve because that is our main
file which starts our whole application.
Now here the error document is important because that's what I mentioned in four of four cases.
This should be the index that HVM l file.
Now with this set up here you can save this and we're almost there.
But we also need to give the right permissions to allow our users to see that.
Now that's something exclusive to Amazon Web Services as free because buckets are private by default.
However for web hosting We of course want to make them publicly available.
So what we can do is we can add a bucket policy here and then we can visit the sample packet policies.
And if we do with them here you can grant read only permission to an anonymous user which is exactly
what we need for a web site.
We don't want to grant right permissions but everyone should be able to read.
So now you can basically copy this whole text here go back to your console and paste it in there and
you'll need to replace.
Example back here with your bucket name is all N-G recipe book deployment.
In my case I'm going to save to save this policy and then save here and now with that the bucket is
configured.
Now we can upload our content so click into the bucket and I'll choose actions.
Now to be able to upload our content we need to make sure that we build it first.
So in our application I'm going to quit and you surf and I'll run Engy bold prod and a O.T. dad will
now build our whole project using ahead of time compilation too.
I'll be back once it is finished.
So the book process finished and now it's all about the content of this Desta folder disks for distribution.
Here we can see all the artifacts we have to deploy to have our app run.
That also means that all the other files in our project folder here can simply be ignored.
We won't need those now.
One important note about that base ref.
If you have a look at the index age time of fall you can see it here.
It's set to just slash Schrute by default which is the fitting configuration for example dot com slash
nothing.
Now if you plan to deploy your app to slash my app you need to change this to my app and there's also
a command you can use.
You can also run an enjoyable brought dash dash base Rev and set my app here so that would be alternative
to changes in the file which gets generated by the Seelye.
So with the base ref set correctly here for our purposes with Esrey just slash is correct because we're
going to serve it from the root domain.
We need to upload all these files to as free so let's go back to our console and choose upload here
and then we can click at files and now I'm in the disk folder we just saw in the Finder and I'm going
to select all the files here and click open.
Now they're all queued up here and I can click Start upload.
And now all these files should be uploaded to AWOS as free to the back bucket we just created.
So that's going to take a few seconds here and now it's done.
And with that if we go to the properties of this bucket here on stedding website hosting we see your
our website will be visible on.
So if we click this now we indeed see the recipe book and this should be working just fine just like
it did work in our local set up because now we're hosting this application here and we are able to create
new recipes your with ingredients save them push these ingredients to the shopping list.
See that you're changed it here.
Do what ever we want to do.
So that's great.
Now this is our application finished and deployed.
And as I mentioned that deployment steps will in general be the same.
It's the server configuration which might differ and that should be really easy to look up though.
So have fun with your applications and definitely share them either in the Q&A section or via messaging.
I can't wait to see what you built.